/                                                                        Hibernate

	1.  what is an ORM tool

	2. What is Hibernate

	3. Architecture of Hibernate

	4. what is EntityManagerFactory

	5. what is EntityManager

	6. What is EntityTransaction

	7. Explain the methods of EntityManager

	8. Difference between persist and merge

	9. explain the use of @entity annotation

	10. @ID and @Column annotation

	11. what is entity class.

	12. what is mapping in hibernate

	13. explain @onetoone

	14. @onetomany

	15. @manytoone

	16. @manytomany
 
	17. what is cacheing in hibernate and its types
        A:- Cacheing is used when programmer tries to fetch same data multiple times. Cacheing is divided into two types:- a. first level cacheing
                                    b. second level cacheing

	18. explain second level cache
        A:- Second Level Cacheing is used when an application has multiple entity managers or             sessions.
 
	19. @cacheable and @cache

	20. what is composite key in hibernate
	
	21. @jointable and @joincolumn

	22. Advantages of hibernate over jdbc

	23. @embeddedId and @embeddable

	24. what is persistence.xml?
        A:-  persistence.xml is used to store database configuration details

	25. explain the methods of entity transaction and its uses.

	26. Explain the lifecycle of Hibernate
	
	27. explain Transient state, detached state, persistent state, removed state ?
	
	28.  what is JPQLA
	
	29.  Explain Query interface and its methods ?
	
	30.  Explain @GeneratedValue annotation ?

	31. what is unidirectional
	-> If the relationship is established only from one side , It is known as uni-           directional 3relationship.

	32. what is Bi- Directional
	-> If the relationship is established from both sides, It is known as bi-directional                      relationship.
	->We can fetch the data from both side. 

	33. what is owning side
	->The table which has foreign key or an entity class with join column annotation

	34. what is reference side.

	35. what is cascading in hibernate
        A:-  if the operation performed on source entity, it's target entity also gets              affetcted. This is known as Cascading in hibernate.

